Update ADHD dataset in examples to MAIN (#1953)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/connectivity/connectome_extraction.rst

Sparse inverse covariance for functional connectomes
=====================================================

Functional connectivity can be obtained by estimating a covariance
(or correlation) matrix for signals from different brain

> regions decomposed, for example on resting-state or movie-watching datasets.

Reviewer: Light suggestion to generalize to all naturalistic stimuli (e.g., story-listening, etc)
```suggestion
regions decomposed, for example on resting-state or naturalistic-stimuli datasets.
```

   :class: green

   Try using the information above to compute a connectome on the
   first 5 subjects of the brain development dataset downloaded with
   :func:`nilearn.datasets.fetch_development_fmri`

>    **Hint:** The example above has the solution replace brain development with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Hint:** The example above works through the solution for the ADHD dataset. 
```

.. topic:: **Exercise: computing connectivity in tangent space**
   :class: green

   Compute and visualize the tangent group connectome based on the brain

>    development (movie-watching)

Reviewer: Light suggestion -- not sure that we need to clarify movie-watching here.

```suggestion
   development
```
